Docs changes for the Side Channels feature (#3011)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: docs/Training-Generalized-Reinforcement-Learning-Agents.md

## Introducing Generalization Using Reset Parameters

To enable variations in the environments, we implemented `Reset Parameters`.

> `ResetParameters` are `Academy.FloatProperties` that are used only when

Reviewer: Space in `Reset Parameters`. So what differentiates these two is that FloatProperties could (technically) be used anytime but our example envs only use them at reset right? The phrasing is a bit confusing but I think that makes sense.

> `ResetParameters` are `Academy.FloatProperties` that we modify only when

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ResetParameters` are `Academy.FloatProperties` that are used only when
```

## Introducing Generalization Using Reset Parameters

To enable variations in the environments, we implemented `Reset Parameters`.
`Reset Parameters` are `Academy.FloatProperties` that are used only when

> reseting the environment. We

Reviewer: Also spelling on the word reseting -> resetting
